[narr]
In the last episode,
Tsubasa manages
to give Yuzo
his confidence back.
And along with Taro,
manages to score
a goal against Team Meiwa.
Enraged, Kojiro steals
the ball from Taro
with a sliding tackle.
And with his aggressive
game style
and Sawada's help,
ties the score again
with a powerful shot.
The game quickly turned
into a rain of goals
from both teams.
It was an impressive duel
between both captains
where neither of them
would give up.
-[cheers]
-[ann] The stadium's roars
are literally deafening.
From the start,
it's been a duel
between Tsubasa
and Kojiro.
Both of them
have shown to be
- extraordinary players.
-[grunt]
[scream]
[ann] No!
It looks like
Tsubasa Ozora
took a wrong step.
-This is my opportunity!
-Now!
[ann]
But Hyuga can't shoot.
Tsubasa kicks the ball away
with a slide tackle.
Damn you, twerp!
You fell down on purpose.
[ann] The referee is about
to blow the whistle and...!
Huh?
-Huh?
[cheers]
-[ann] Goal!
-[whistle]
Team Nankatsu lost!
-Huh?
-[crying]
No.
Is he...
crying?
[Kaori]
Are you Kojiro Hyuga?
We've taken an interest
in you, young man.
[narr] Episode 16:
Acrobatic Soccer.
You want to recruit me
for the Toho Academy?
As you know,
Toho Academy is famous.
It shapes and represents
the strongest professional
players in our country.
And we are very
interested in you.
-Huh?
-Listen, Kojiro,
your game and personality
are both very interesting.
And let me tell you
that we are aware
of your current situation.
Kojiro, if you manage to get
into the Toho Academy,
all your family expenses
will be covered.
I think this could change
the life of your siblings
and you could focus on
your career completely.
School and living expenses?
Yes, exactly.
If you enter to our school,
you would only need to
focus on your soccer career.
Hmm...
But before that,
we have one condition.
-One condition?
-Yes.
And know that our intention
from the beginning
was to observe
you and Tsubasa.
You both are candidates
under consideration.
Oh!
We really came here
to recruit
whoever won the match
that you just finished.
And it was Meiwa who won
that incredible match.
However, we really don't
want our decision
to be determined by
that unique game
since we haven't
made up our minds
about who would be
the best choice.
How can you say that?
Our team won the game!
That means
I'm better than him.
I'm the best player
of them all!
You will be when you win
the national tournament.
Huh?
If you really are
the number one player
you claim to be,
then you must prove
your worth on the field.
Win the national tournament,
and then, you will be
part of the Toho Academy.
You'll play with our team
and you'll become a star.
This isn't a joke, is it?
No, I would never joke
about this.
In that case, I'm going to
win the national tournament!
Hmm...
[Kaori] You must be
one of the two best teams
in your block
in order to qualify.
-Don't forget it.
-Huh?
And who knows?
Maybe you'll have to
face Tsubasa once again.
[narr]
Tsubasa and the others
didn't let the defeat
against Team Meiwa
bring them down.
- With their spirits up,
-We're awesome, you guys!
- they defeated the Team Osu
-We got this!
- by 9 goals to 0,
-Yeah!
- gaining their first victory
-Let's go!
- in the eliminatory round.
-We're winning!
Yeah! With this, we have
one win and one loss!
If we can keep this up,
we can go on to
the next round, you guys!
[Masao] [laughs]
Don't be so sure about that!
-Huh?
Who said that?
The Meiwa and
the Hanawa teams
will be the winners
of the group,
so don't get excited.
You're Team Hanawa,
right?
From the Akita Prefecture?
That's right.
We played against
Team Osu in the morning,
and unlike you,
we won 10 to 0.
How about that,
rookies?
You only scored
one goal more than us.
Haha! That's what
I was talking about.
They're the twins we saw
at the train station.
[grunts]
-Masao!
-Good pass!
-[grunt]
-[Tsubasa] That's right.
It's them.
I remember they were
perfectly synched.
They're
a great combination.
If you want,
you can watch our match
so you can learn
something about soccer.
[growl]
[ann]
From the first block,
it's Team Shimabara
against Team Hanawa.
The Hanawa has the opening
kick of the match.
Okay, let's go, Masao!
I'm right behind you,
Kazuo!
[laughs]
[chuckle]
[grunts]
-Heck yeah!
[cheering]
The Hanawa team
sure is strong.
They're amazing.
I wanna face them,
Roberto!
I just can't wait!
I know!
Remember that the target...
is to win!
I will, and I will go to
Brazil with you!
-[cheers]
-[Tsubasa] Yeah!
[narr]
The following day,
the Nankatsu team managed
to win two more matches,
getting three wins
and one loss,
up until this moment.
-Yeah, we won!
-Three victories!
[narr]
As per the rules,
- Nankatsu must face
-Well done, Tsubasa!
and defeat
the Hanawa team
to advance to
the next round.
Later on,
all the teams went to watch
the match between
Team Hanawa and Team Meiwa.
And everyone was
surprised with the result!
-Huh?
-[whistle]
[gasps]
-Yeah!
-We did it!
[Tsubasa]
It's a tie.
[Masao] That means if we
don't win the match
against the Hanawa tomorrow,
we won't make it
and our team will be
out of the competition.
[snicker]
The next match we play
determines the fate
of our team.
According to the table,
we won't make it
if we just tie the game.
That's why the objective
in tomorrow's match
is to defeat Team Hanawa.
Listen, I want you
to remember
their match against
the Shimabara.
Their strongest weapon
is the forwards,
the Tachibana twins.
Their perfect coordination
makes them
a very difficult adversary.
Their confidence
is such that
they only play
at the offense,
while the rest of their team
only defend their area.
So they depend on
those two to score.
Yeah.
Even so, the Shimabara
couldn't do anything.
And that's the reason why we
need to come up with a plan
to stop those brothers.
The tournament is
on the line.
That's why this will
be our strategy.
Tsubasa.
Yes, sir.
Misaki.
I have a very special
mission for you two.
-Huh?
That's a lot of
responsibility.
Yeah...
But I guess that's
the best we can do
if we want to beat
those brothers.
So tomorrow,
I'm counting on you, Taro.
The same goes to you.
They won't take us
by surprise.
[scream]
[chuckles]
We surprised you,
didn't we?
You must always
be on alert!
[gasp]
-Huh?
[chuckles]
Pillow fight?
It's on!
Take that!
[chuckles]
-Huh?
Aw, my poor head!
[Hajime]
What's wrong with you?
[Taro]
Aw, Koji. I'm sorry!
Goal!
Yeah! That goal was from
our captain, Koji!
Yeah? Well,
here's my counterattack!
[yell]
[chuckle]
Did you see that, Koji?
They'll say I'm
the super goalkeeper!
Oh yeah?
Let's tell that to Genzo
and see what he says
about it!
And now, it's my turn!
[grunt]
[laughs]
I just stopped it!
Take this!
My turn!
Yeah, you'll see!
Watch out!
My turn!
I'm gonna get you!
Hey, guys, hear me out.
We will win tomorrow!
-Yeah!
Yeah!
Great!
Let's go!
Yeah!
In these past two days,
we were able to observe
all our candidates, correct?
Yes, with the exception of
Team Nankatsu's goalkeeper,
who unfortunately won't
be playing this time.
That's a shame.
He was the captain
of Team Shutetsu.
They won the championship
by not letting anyone
score him any goals.
There's no one that can
be compared to that kid.
But tell me... What about
the keeper from Team Naniwa?
[Kaori]
Nakanishi is good.
He's very agile despite
his constitution.
It's a shame. Without
Genzo Wakabayashi here,
we can't be sure about
who is better.
And what about
the midfielders, my lady?
So far, the ones
I'm considering
are Misaki from Nankatsu,
Hikaru Matsuyama
from Team Furano,
and Takeshi Sawada
from Team Meiwa.
But he's in fourth grade.
We can discard him for now.
I'm more interested
in Misaki and Matsuyama.
Hikaru Matsuyama.
But don't you think that kid
is lacking technique?
The fact that
he was able to bring
his public school
to the nationals
speaks more of
character, strength,
and his skills as a leader
than any technical exam.
We can teach technique,
but not talent.
But...
Of all the midfielders,
the best without question
is Jun Misugi
from Team Musashi.
That kid is
a real prodigy in soccer.
He's an incomparable leader.
Correct.
In fact,
the trainer is looking for
someone proactive
and with great judgment
to make the team stronger.
And of course,
for the striker position,
we have Tsubasa Ozora
from Nankatsu,
and Kojiro Hyuga
from Team Meiwa.
Tsubasa has become
one of the favorites
of this tournament.
And this has practically
just happened overnight.
That's irrelevant.
If they are not good,
I'm not interested.
I think it would
be best to wait
until those two
compete again
so we can decide.
Yeah, it would be
a great match.
[narr] It's the third day
of the national tournament
and the last match
for each block.
The Furano team,
led by Hikaru Matsuyama,
moved ahead,
winning all the matches
in their block.
The Musashi team,
led by its captain,
the Prince of the Pitch,
Jun Misugi,
qualified by winning
all the matches
in its group.
And the strongest
rival for Nankatsu,
the Meiwa team,
led by Kojiro Hyuga,
has qualified as well,
having tied only one match
against the Hanawa team.
[ann] This is the last match
of this block.
Only one of the two teams
will have the chance
to qualify!
The match between
Team Nankatsu
and Team Hanawa
is about to begin!
The Nankatsu did a great job
against the Meiwa,
even though unfortunately,
they lost at the end.
The Hanawa also
faced the Meiwa,
but the match was a tie!
The spectators
can't wait to see
these two teams
faced against each other!
Who will be
victorious today?
Listen up, you guys!
This match will define
if we're still
in the tournament
or if we go home.
If we want to qualify,
we must win today!
-Yes!
Well, don't forget
what we talked about!
A very special mission!
-Yes!
[ann]
Players from both teams
have entered the field!
You have to win!
Come on, guys!
[ann] With three victories
and one tie,
we have the Hanawa
with its forwards,
the Tachibana twins,
and the rest of the team
playing on the defense,
demonstrating to be
a force to be reckoned with!
And with three victories
and one loss,
we have the Nankatsu!
Led by Tsubasa Ozora!
The Nankatsu has set itself
as a very surprising team!
-Tsubasa! Go!
-[ann] Both teams have
-Let's go Hanawa!
- earned the crowd's
admiration
which cheers excitingly!
And starting the match,
the Hanawa team will have
the first kick of the ball.
Which team will move on
to the next round?
Will it be Nankatsu
or Hanawa?
We're going to win
this match,
-Brother!
-Yeah!
[ann] As expected,
the Tachibana twins
rapidly move
to score the first goal!
Hey!
They're the only forwards!
It'll be easy for you
to stop them!
Stop them!
[ann] Let's see if
the Nankatsu can stop
the Tachibana twins!
[grunt]
-[gasp]
-[grunts]
[grunts]
There's no way!
[ann]
Incredible!
Even though they
are just two players,
Nankatsu can't
move against them!
This can't be!
It's just the two of them!
[ann] The Tachibana twins
are famous
for their perfect
coordination
and sync on the pitch.
Everything points
to the Hanawa
getting the first goal
of this match!
We'll see about that!
-[grunt]
-Great pass!
-Huh?!
We won't let you
go through!
- What?!
[narr]
And we're back!
[ann]
Incredible!
Tsubasa, who usually plays
as center-forward,
is now on the defense!
Along with Taro Misaki,
they plan to face
the brothers together!
This will be
an exciting battle!
Masao, do you think
we can beat them?
Mhm...
[ann]
What is happening?!
The Tachibana twins
have completely stopped!
Are you tired?
If you don't want the ball,
-I do!
-Huh?
-Now!
-[yell]
Ah! Kazuo!
-Where did he come from?
-Great work, Taro!
[ann] And Nankatsu
recovers the ball!
They stole the ball
from the twins!
Mamoru!
[ann] Tsubasa kicks
a long pass
to Mamoru Izawa!
I got it!
[ann]
And he got the ball!
It's our turn!
-Yeah!
[ann] Now,
the offense comes from
the famous Shutetsu trio!
It's a quartet!
I'm also part of it!
[ann] But the Hanawa defense
approaches quickly!
Can the Nankatsu
evade them and score?
Don't get distracted!
[narr] We'll be back
with Captain Tsubasa!
The Nankatsu is
a strong opponent!
-Here you go, Teppei!
-Here you go, Hajime!
That's perfect!
-Ah!
-No!
Tsubasa's getting
near our goal!
-Let's go get him, Kazuo!
-Yeah!
[cheers]
Move, Nankatsu!
We have to win!
-Go Hanawa!
[ann] Hanawa's defense
is like a big wall.
They can't get
the ball back,
but they are not letting
Nankatsu shoot freely!
I'm gonna take that ball!
Oh no!
[Hajime]
Uh...
-Huh?
-[ann] Oh!
Tsubasa has left
the defense
and is fast approaching
the goal!
[gasps]
-Don't let him shoot!
-No!
It's mine!
[ann] The twin brothers
can't stop him!
Tsubasa makes
a powerful shot!
[yell]
[gasp]
-[ann] Goal!
-Goal!
[cheers]
-That was amazing, Tsubasa!
-Yeah!
-[ann] What a great goal
-That's it!
- from Team Nankatsu's
-Yeah!
- captain!
-Go Tsubasa!
- Despite their defense,
the Hanawa was unable
to stop him!
What a great goal!
And now,
the Nankatsu is ahead!
[ann] With this goal,
Tsubasa surpasses
Kojiro Hyuga's
17-goals count,
and moves on to become
the best goal scorer
in the national tournament.
[Kazuo] Masao,
that kid is amazing.
Yeah, but the match
has just begun.
They won't win so easily.
[ann] One-nothing
in favor of Nankatsu.
And the Hanawa team
is ready to move again.
-One more time, Masao.
-Mhm.
[whistle]
[narr] For the first time,
the Tachibana twins
- face the strong mark of
-[gasps]
Tsubasa Ozora
and Taro Misaki,
another duo
with amazing skills.
Great move, Tsubasa!
-I'm open!
-[narr] Nankatsu's strategy
consists of using
their great coordination
as the main defense
against the perfect
synchronization
of the twin brothers.
Hanawa reinforces
- its defense
-Don't let them near!
- to avoid getting scored on,
-Go on!
and now,
every player on Nankatsu
is attacking ferociously,
trying to go through
Hanawa's tough defense.
Keep it going!
Let's get another goal!
They have eight players on
the defense, those cowards!
-Defend Hanawa!
Just as I thought...
The Nankatsu is superior
to the Hanawa.
Not even the Tachibana
twins can move freely.
-[whistle]
-[ann] And the referee
signals the end of
the first half!
So far, the score
remains in favor
of the Nankatsu,
one to nothing.
The Hanawa will have to
come up with a strategy
if it plans to recover!
[narr]
Team Nankatsu's locker room.
[sighs]
[Shiroyama]
Everyone did a great job!
I would've loved
another goal,
but that's okay.
As long as we keep those
twin brothers on the line,
the victory will be ours!
-Yeah!
Well,
for this second half,
I want you to score
another goal.
Let's go win, team!
-Yeah!
Tsubasa,
the best thing to do
is to keep marking
the twin brothers.
Yeah.
[Mr. Mikami] Looks like
our team has the control.
I know. If they keep
going like that,
I'm sure they will win
the match.
Hey, twins,
what do we do now?
-Huh?
Don't you want us
to help you on the offense?
Uh...
Relax.
Don't you trust us or what?
It's not that. It's just
hard to score a goal.
Relax...
You know we have
some tricks up our sleeves.
Hold on.
A trick?
-Mhm.
We wanted to save it
for the finals,
but it looks like
we'll have to use it now.
Yeah.
We'll surely win
the match with that.
[Kojiro]
I had hopes that the Hanawa
would beat the Nankatsu,
but it looks like
it won't happen.
Huh?
I let the Hanawa tie with us
on purpose, you guys.
-What?
You know perfectly well
that our biggest rival
is the Nankatsu team.
[Kojiro]
I was sure of it after
our match against them.
I let the Hanawa tie with us
so they could eliminate them
from the tournament.
Even if the Hanawa
doesn't win the match,
even if they tie,
then the Nankatsu
will be out anyway.
But it looks like that
won't be happening...
because the Nankatsu
is stronger.
So, Nankatsu's gonna win?
Yeah,
and the worst part is...
that if we face them again,
he will be back.
Genzo, what are you doing?
I must get ready
for the final.
I have to be in
my best shape to play.
No, hold on!
You won't be able
to stop me.
Nankatsu is going to win.
And that is why...
I really have to get ready
to be with my team
once again.
[whistle]
[ann] And the second
half begins!
Nankatsu starts by
passing the ball!
On the first half,
Hanawa was unable
to defend themselves
against Nankatsu,
but will they be able
to do it now?
We have to score
more goals!
[ann] Hanawa's defense
won't give up!
-Let's go Hanawa!
[grunt]
Oh!
Masao!
Thank you!
-Kazuo, to the front!
-Yeah!
[ann]
Unbelievable!
The Tachibana twins
have split
and one of them
is moving to the goal!
-They must be
-up to something!
If you're alone and
you're an easy target...
-Here I go!
-[grunt]
Ha!Now here comes
the good part!
I'm sure they are up
to something.
Masao, they're coming
at you! Watch out!
I see him, don't worry!
I'm ready, Masao!
Yeah!
[grunt]
[ann] Masao kicks the ball
as hard as he can!
Oh no, I couldn't get it!
[ann] The ball is headed
straight to the center!
But Takasugi,
the tallest of the players,
hopes to intercept
the ball!
Along with Koji Nishio
and Tsubasa!
Kazuo Tachibana is
at a disadvantage!
[grunt]
[ann]
But what is happening?!
Kazuo Tachibana
is running
and getting away
from the ball!
- What's he doing?!
-Huh?
Here I come!
[grunt]
[ann] Kazuo Tachibana
uses the post
as a step to make
a jump!
What is he doing?
Don't miss!
Here I am, Kazuo!
[ann]
Masao Tachibana
approaches
at incredible speed!
[grunt]
[yell]
[ann]
Masao shoots and...
Goal!
The Hanawa ties
the score!
Did you see that?
That's our triangle shot!
-Watch out down there!
-Huh?
-[gasp] [scream]
-Get out of the way!
[scream]
[ann]
What a terrible accident!
Kazuo Tachibana
who was mid-air,
landed on top
of Koji Nishio
who didn't get out
of the way in time.
Are you okay, brother?
Yeah.
-[Mamoru] Koji!
-Huh?
-[wince]
-Koji!
What's that on your sock?
That's blood!
No! He won't be able
to play anymore!
[gasp]
[ann]
It looks like Koji Nishio
won't be able to
continue the match.
He's carried away
from the pitch.
Hmm...
Koji!
I'm okay.
I'm just mad that
I can't play anymore!
-Ryo, you need to get ready.
-Huh?
You're going in.
What?
I'm gonna play?
I will do it, sir!
I finally get to play!
[ann] Change of players
from the Nankatsu team.
Number 3,
Koji Nishio is out.
Replacing him
is Number 14,
Ryo Ishizaki.
Ishizaki's in!
-Ryo!
We're counting on you, Ryo!
Yeah, don't you worry.
Ishizaki is in!
Don't let us down, Ryo!
You hear me?
I know I'm not
as good as you guys,
but my will
and my determination
are unbreakable!